c:\users\kiric\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\Geocaching\Geocaching\bin\roslyn\csc.exe
c:\users\kiric\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\Geocaching\Geocaching\bin\roslyn\Microsoft.Build.Tasks.CodeAnalysis.dll
c:\users\kiric\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\Geocaching\Geocaching\bin\roslyn\Microsoft.CodeAnalysis.CSharp.dll
c:\users\kiric\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\Geocaching\Geocaching\bin\roslyn\Microsoft.CodeAnalysis.dll
c:\users\kiric\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\Geocaching\Geocaching\bin\roslyn\Microsoft.CodeAnalysis.VisualBasic.dll
c:\users\kiric\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\Geocaching\Geocaching\bin\roslyn\Microsoft.CSharp.Core.targets
c:\users\kiric\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\Geocaching\Geocaching\bin\roslyn\Microsoft.VisualBasic.Core.targets
c:\users\kiric\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\Geocaching\Geocaching\bin\roslyn\System.Collections.Immutable.dll
c:\users\kiric\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\Geocaching\Geocaching\bin\roslyn\System.Reflection.Metadata.dll
c:\users\kiric\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\Geocaching\Geocaching\bin\roslyn\vbc.exe
c:\users\kiric\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\Geocaching\Geocaching\bin\roslyn\VBCSCompiler.exe
c:\users\kiric\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\Geocaching\Geocaching\bin\roslyn\VBCSCompiler.exe.config
c:\users\kiric\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\Geocaching\Geocaching\bin\Geocaching.dll.config
c:\users\kiric\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\Geocaching\Geocaching\bin\Geocaching.dll
c:\users\kiric\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\Geocaching\Geocaching\bin\Geocaching.pdb
c:\users\kiric\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\Geocaching\Geocaching\bin\Antlr3.Runtime.dll
c:\users\kiric\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\Geocaching\Geocaching\bin\Microsoft.CodeDom.Providers.DotNetCompilerPlatform.dll
c:\users\kiric\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\Geocaching\Geocaching\bin\Microsoft.Web.Infrastructure.dll
c:\users\kiric\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\Geocaching\Geocaching\bin\Newtonsoft.Json.dll
c:\users\kiric\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\Geocaching\Geocaching\bin\System.Web.Helpers.dll
c:\users\kiric\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\Geocaching\Geocaching\bin\System.Web.Mvc.dll
c:\users\kiric\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\Geocaching\Geocaching\bin\System.Web.Optimization.dll
c:\users\kiric\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\Geocaching\Geocaching\bin\System.Web.Razor.dll
c:\users\kiric\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\Geocaching\Geocaching\bin\System.Web.WebPages.Deployment.dll
c:\users\kiric\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\Geocaching\Geocaching\bin\System.Web.WebPages.dll
c:\users\kiric\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\Geocaching\Geocaching\bin\System.Web.WebPages.Razor.dll
c:\users\kiric\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\Geocaching\Geocaching\bin\WebGrease.dll
c:\users\kiric\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\Geocaching\Geocaching\bin\Microsoft.CodeDom.Providers.DotNetCompilerPlatform.xml
c:\users\kiric\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\Geocaching\Geocaching\bin\System.Web.Helpers.xml
c:\users\kiric\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\Geocaching\Geocaching\bin\System.Web.Mvc.xml
c:\users\kiric\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\Geocaching\Geocaching\bin\System.Web.Optimization.xml
c:\users\kiric\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\Geocaching\Geocaching\bin\System.Web.Razor.xml
c:\users\kiric\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\Geocaching\Geocaching\bin\System.Web.WebPages.xml
c:\users\kiric\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\Geocaching\Geocaching\bin\System.Web.WebPages.Deployment.xml
c:\users\kiric\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\Geocaching\Geocaching\bin\System.Web.WebPages.Razor.xml
c:\users\kiric\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\Geocaching\Geocaching\bin\Antlr3.Runtime.pdb
c:\users\kiric\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\Geocaching\Geocaching\bin\Newtonsoft.Json.xml
c:\users\kiric\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\Geocaching\Geocaching\obj\Debug\Geocaching.dll
c:\users\kiric\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\Geocaching\Geocaching\obj\Debug\Geocaching.pdb
C:\Users\kiric\Documents\Visual Studio 2015\Projects\Geocaching\Geocaching\bin\EntityFramework.dll
C:\Users\kiric\Documents\Visual Studio 2015\Projects\Geocaching\Geocaching\bin\EntityFramework.SqlServer.dll
C:\Users\kiric\Documents\Visual Studio 2015\Projects\Geocaching\Geocaching\bin\EntityFramework.xml
C:\Users\kiric\Documents\Visual Studio 2015\Projects\Geocaching\Geocaching\bin\EntityFramework.SqlServer.xml
C:\Users\kiric\Documents\Visual Studio 2015\Projects\Geocaching\Geocaching\obj\Debug\Geocaching.WEB.csprojResolveAssemblyReference.cache
C:\Users\kiric\Documents\Visual Studio 2015\Projects\Geocaching\Geocaching\bin\AutoMapper.dll
C:\Users\kiric\Documents\Visual Studio 2015\Projects\Geocaching\Geocaching\bin\FluentValidation.dll
C:\Users\kiric\Documents\Visual Studio 2015\Projects\Geocaching\Geocaching\bin\FluentValidation.Mvc.dll
C:\Users\kiric\Documents\Visual Studio 2015\Projects\Geocaching\Geocaching\bin\Geocaching.Core.dll
C:\Users\kiric\Documents\Visual Studio 2015\Projects\Geocaching\Geocaching\bin\Geocaching.Data.dll
C:\Users\kiric\Documents\Visual Studio 2015\Projects\Geocaching\Geocaching\bin\Geocaching.Core.pdb
C:\Users\kiric\Documents\Visual Studio 2015\Projects\Geocaching\Geocaching\bin\Geocaching.Data.pdb
C:\Users\kiric\Documents\Visual Studio 2015\Projects\Geocaching\Geocaching\bin\AutoMapper.xml
C:\Users\kiric\Documents\Visual Studio 2015\Projects\Geocaching\Geocaching\bin\FluentValidation.pdb
C:\Users\kiric\Documents\Visual Studio 2015\Projects\Geocaching\Geocaching\bin\FluentValidation.xml
C:\Users\kiric\Documents\Visual Studio 2015\Projects\Geocaching\Geocaching\bin\FluentValidation.Mvc.pdb
C:\Users\kiric\Documents\Visual Studio 2015\Projects\Geocaching\Geocaching\bin\FluentValidation.Mvc.xml
C:\Users\kiric\Documents\Visual Studio 2015\Projects\Geocaching\Geocaching\bin\de\FluentValidation.resources.dll
C:\Users\kiric\Documents\Visual Studio 2015\Projects\Geocaching\Geocaching\bin\es\FluentValidation.resources.dll
C:\Users\kiric\Documents\Visual Studio 2015\Projects\Geocaching\Geocaching\bin\fr\FluentValidation.resources.dll
C:\Users\kiric\Documents\Visual Studio 2015\Projects\Geocaching\Geocaching\bin\it\FluentValidation.resources.dll
C:\Users\kiric\Documents\Visual Studio 2015\Projects\Geocaching\Geocaching\bin\ko\FluentValidation.resources.dll
C:\Users\kiric\Documents\Visual Studio 2015\Projects\Geocaching\Geocaching\bin\nl\FluentValidation.resources.dll
C:\Users\kiric\Documents\Visual Studio 2015\Projects\Geocaching\Geocaching\bin\pl\FluentValidation.resources.dll
C:\Users\kiric\Documents\Visual Studio 2015\Projects\Geocaching\Geocaching\bin\pt\FluentValidation.resources.dll
C:\Users\kiric\Documents\Visual Studio 2015\Projects\Geocaching\Geocaching\bin\ru\FluentValidation.resources.dll
C:\Users\kiric\Documents\Visual Studio 2015\Projects\Geocaching\Geocaching\bin\sv\FluentValidation.resources.dll
C:\Users\kiric\Documents\Visual Studio 2015\Projects\Geocaching\Geocaching\bin\tr\FluentValidation.resources.dll
C:\Users\kiric\Documents\Visual Studio 2015\Projects\Geocaching\Geocaching\bin\Geocaching.Interfases.dll
C:\Users\kiric\Documents\Visual Studio 2015\Projects\Geocaching\Geocaching\bin\Geocaching.Interfases.pdb
